here's pretend he's a Hollywood
superstar so it's nice to have a proper
bonafide well I've been hate movies in
which I've always played myself and they
gross 1.9 billion flat the slaps don't
lie right that's good that's right thank
you do you want to add up yours ah that
we grossed at the box office
I don't know I don't know hopefully yeah
three billion yeah hopefully a billion
hopefully rush hour being significantly
one of them twenty years ago this month
that the first rush hour came out you
and Jackie Chan yeah that became an
iconic partnership yeah yeah there was
just chemistry you know it was just the
perfect timing and and you know it's
good to like the people you work with so
I was already a big fan of Jackie Chan
you know from rumbling and Bronx and
movies like that so it was it was just
uh it was a fun time there's a lot of
fun and it showed on the screen when you
were a kid and you you know you started
making people laugh right and you're
funny guy and you start to think about a
dream what was the dream was it what
you're doing I mean are you living your
dream yeah I am I am I had to find you
know school wasn't for me so I say I
need to find something fast you know so
I was making kids you know people
laughing schools I said maybe I'll do
this you know and I'm from Atlanta
Georgia of so far from Hollywood but you
know thank God I thought about it early
and that's it and I start hosting the
talent shows in high school and I was
and I got my first laughs in a talent
show and I said this is what I'm gonna
do I'm and you know and I that carried
me on time you talk to that to the young
Chris Tucker now what would you say were
the best things that are lying ahead of
you with fame and fortune and success
and the worst things what the best
things if I could talk to the young
Chris Tucker was you know I'm glad that
I went out to my dream and didn't let
anybody tell me I couldn't do it and my
parents was you know supportive and the
and I would you know to stay hold on to
your talent you know work hard work hard
continue to work hard and don't don't
let it go you know what's the worst
thing the worst thing I would say would
you really warn him about yeah yeah
actually with that amount of money yeah
you gotta be you gotta be careful you
gotta have be
you gotta be your own man you got to be
strong and you got to say no a lot you
know because that's gonna keep you who
you are even if you make some mistakes
at least you you you you know you you're
on the right you know you saying no
because you're trying to stay where you
add so I think it's good to be stand
strong to stand strong is Donald Trump
your president what do you consider him
your president stuff do you mean Donald
series believe me believe me I know
Chris Tucker he's a great comedian great
guy I like him I'm just true I do like
him but I met him we I didn't say much
but I said I said hello to him he said
you you you're friends with Bill Clinton
and the brock obama and you've campaign
for them
trump is obviously a incredibly divisive
figure I've known him a long time and
I'm trying to put up with a defense of
him occasionally get hounded into hell
you know he's a very different kind of
person politician to be running your
country what do you feel about it you
know you know I hope he just does hope
he does a good job you know and people
cuz I pray for them I pray for him I
said listen I hope he does a good job
because you know we need you know a
great president we need good thing we
need a lot of things that happen in our
country in America so I hope he does
good I hope tomorrow wakes up and he
just does the right thing that's that's
how the whole thing is if you go down to
someone like Atlanta for example which
I've done recently a lot of support for
Trump it's very different atmosphere
about him there than it is here in this
country or in New York and LA for
example America it's very divided about
him yeah that's true that's true that's
the South thing you know Georgia I think
is you know more Republican state
Republic state but uh you know yes it's
just if it's divided it's divided right
now so just to be careful because it
sounds like you're being sounds like
you're being very this is the reason for
that being pragmatic in the sense that
you know I heard Tiger Woods asked about
Charlie Sheen he was very non-committal
because actually probably recognized
a lot of his fans yeah like trunk a lot
of fans may hate rum do you have the
same thing with lot of your fans plenty
in the south of America or Middle
American love you love Russia love you
like Trump so why antagonize them yeah I
can't well you know when I do my shows I
can't worry about that
you know I not talk about Trump in my
show and you know I could you rip him
off
you know I told I see a little bit of
stuff but I'm really like I don't you
know I try to you know encourage him to
do the right thing and all that stuff
but I'm not a comedian to dis dog people
out of try I want you to do the right
thing you know we could be friends one
day we could talk we don't want him to
be success I want him to be successful I
want him to do the right thing
you know that's my that's my whole
attitude and in my show that's what I
talk about it have you ever thought
Chris if you had 20 seconds to live what
your last joke would be my last joke
would be go out with a joke oh no I
would be like mad don't drive my Ferrari
I'll go say stuff like a who's gonna be
you living in my house stuff like that
I'm thinking third you couldn't even
find a single humor valve in that moment
yes that is why I guess I'm getting it
what would you consider your best joke
what's much is that you know if you've
got to go to one whenever things if you
are dodgy audience or not really I
should imagine Apple too much but if you
do you have one I'm gonna do that you
know I guess I said that that's beat you
I beat you to heaven I don't know you
know that's good I don't know that joke
about this what what's the worst heckle
that you get when you're doing stand-up
or do people not have you got to the
point now where people no longer heckle
no they try but they stop real fast cuz
they realize oh he's pretty good he's
pretty good I will talk about him out I
would talk about him is that the way to
do it is to single them out and then
make them the butt of the joke yes yeah
we'll help they will help the show they
will really make the show if
cut both your ears off how much would
they be worth of those burners and
Meyerson not much master diamonds in
them these if these cubic zirconias
other real very expensive is you know
worried about somebody they grab them
know how and where I'm special occasions
places like this is I wouldn't just wait
for a walk out the hood yes
who've you made the richest I think
Jackie Chan know he made me rich I would
tell you we made each other rich because
the chemistry and we just had so much
fun and but yeah I made a lot of people
remade it so rich and Russia for is you
know it's not it's not finalized so you
know they got out there that was
finalized not finalize me and Jackie
want we want to do another one so
hopefully we could do another burning
him tomorrow morning shows to London
Apollo Chris Tucker Greta see Thank You
YouTube Pierce thank you
you